Balanced truncation tutorial (#984)
pymor/pymor: docs/source/tutorial_bt.rst

Tutorial: Reducing a heat equation using balanced truncation
============================================================

> :jupyter-download:notebook:`tutorial02`
> :jupyter-download:script:`tutorial02`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

See below ..

    ax.set_xlabel('Reduced order')
    ax.set_title(r'Upper and lower $\mathcal{H}_\infty$ error bounds')
    ax.grid()

To get a reduced-order model of order 10, we call the `reduce` method with the
appropriate argument:

.. jupyter-execute::

    rom = bt.reduce(10)

Instead, or in addition, a tolerance for the :math:`\mathcal{H}_\infty` error
can be specified, as well as the projection algorithm (by default, the
balancing-free square root method is used).
The used Petrov-Galerkin bases are stored in `bt.V` and `bt.W`.

We can compare the magnitude plots between the full-order and reduced-order
models

.. jupyter-execute::

    fig, ax = plt.subplots()
    fom.mag_plot(w, ax=ax, label='FOM')
    rom.mag_plot(w, ax=ax, linestyle='--', label='ROM')
    ax.legend()
    ax.grid()

and plot the magnitude plot of the error system

.. jupyter-execute::

    (fom - rom).mag_plot(w)
    plt.grid()

We can compute the relative errors in :math:`\mathcal{H}_\infty` or
:math:`\mathcal{H}_2` (or Hankel) norm

.. jupyter-execute::

    print(f'Relative Hinf error: {(fom - rom).hinf_norm() / fom.hinf_norm():.3e}')
    print(f'Relative H2 error:   {(fom - rom).h2_norm() / fom.h2_norm():.3e}')

> To compute the :math:`\mathcal{H}_\infty` norms, pyMOR uses the dense solver
> from Slycot, and therefore all of the operators are converted to dense matrices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note::

    To compute the :math:`\mathcal{H}_\infty` norms, pyMOR uses the dense solver
    from Slycot, and therefore all of the operators have to be converted to dense matrices.
    For large systems, this may be very expensive.
    
Download the code: :jupyter-download:script:`tutorial_bt` :jupyter-download:notebook:`tutorial_bt`
```
